hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 science fiction horror
film a quiet place so let's get started
in 2020 most of Earth's human and animal
populations have been wiped out by
sightless creatures the creatures attack
anything that make noise have
hypersensitive hearing an indestructible
armored skin the Abbott family Evelyn
Lee deaf daughter Regan and sons Marcus
and Bo communicate with sign language
and scavenge for supplies in a deserted
town bo is drawn to a toy but Lee takes
it away because of its noise Regan
returns the toy to Bo and he activates
the toy when the family's walking home
causing a creature to kill him over a
year later regan struggles with a gill
over her brother's death and evelyn
enters the final stages of pregnancy Lee
attempts the upgrade Regan's cochlear
implant but the devices fail Lee takes
Marcus to teach him to fish
Evelyn goes into labor earlier than
expected she steps on an expose nail and
drops glass alerting a nearby creature
she wants the others with red lights
seeing the lights Lee instructs Marcus
to set off fireworks Lee finds Evelyn
hiding with their newborn son and takes
them into the soundproof barn basement
Lee leaves to find the other children
evelyn falls asleep but soon wakes to
discover the basement is flooded and a
creature is stalking her Regan and
Marcus hide on top of a grain silo a
hatch door gives way and Marcus falls
into the silo the sound distracts the
creature that was stalking Evelyn and it
targets them Reagan's implant emits a
high-frequency sound that drives the
creature away they reunite with their
father their creature returns and wounds
Lee while the kids hide in a pickup
truck seeing his father hurt Marcus
shouts tracking the creature Lee
sacrifices himself by yelling the kids
roll the truck down a hill and reunite
with Evelyn and the baby they retreat to
the houses basement when the creature
returns Regan who realizes that the
sound her implant makes the stresses the
creature
places it on a microphone the creature
exposes the flesh beneath its armored
head and Evelyn shoots to kill it with
their new knowledge of the creatures
weakness the members of the family armed
selves to fight back so that was a
spoiler for a quiet place if you have a
film you'd like to see a spoil let us
know in the comments below check out
Molly's spoiler alerts on Instagram and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching